# Convolutional-Filter-with-Genetic-Programming
Implementation of a Convolutional Filter with Genetic Programming

The objective is to use genetic programming to find a convolutional filter, if one exists, capable of producing an output (signal) that can be classified in a better way than the original signal classified by a fixed classifier. The Random Forest classifier was chosen for this comparison. The project involved finding a filter through genetic programming that transforms the input signal into another signal by convolution. The aim is then to find a kernel that is able to transform the signals in the data set in such a way that the result of the subsequent classification with Random Forest is better than the result obtained on the untransformed data. The evaluation metric used is the F1 score.
In general, the project was implemented in Python with the support of several libraries. The sklearn library was used to use the random forest classifier and to calculate all the metrics needed for the comparison. Instead, the DEAP library was used to implement the genetic programming algorithm.

The signal used for the project is a temporal signal that concerns electrocardiograms or ECGs. In the project, the dataset used was composed by a .csv file in which each line regards a specific EGC signal. In particular, an ECG is a diagnostic examination that records the electrical activity of the heart in order to assess its state of health and detect various cardiac anomalies, pathologies or arrhythmias. For privacy problems, the dataset can't be pubblished. 
